hi YouTube today I'm going to show you
how to use your x 31 hat gaming headset
as earphones for any iPod mp3 mp3 player
that has a headphone jack you will need
as you're basically your x31 headset
your x31 receiver with the USB port at
the back music source my old nano
because I'm using my mobile for
recording this a USB connection power
source I use this because it's my old
Apple from my old apple ipod and 3.5 to
3.5 millimeter cable is about 3.5
millimeter so yeah let's get started so
now take your power source and plug the
USB from the receiver into the back of
the power source once that's done and
plug this into your power source yeah
then take your 3.5 millimeter jack cable
and plug it into the line in at the back
where you normally stick your green
cable and stick it in there and then it
will look like this so now take your
music source or video source I don't
mind and put the other end of 3.5 in
your headphone jack at the bottom till
it clicks like that now okay my ipod
seems to not work so we're going to have
to do it with out music but basically
what you need to do is then set on your
headset switch it on and then just play
the music it will send the signal from
the receiver to your headset yeah that's
it
okay um thank you thanks again for
watching this and unite this video go
right subscribe and comment hi guys